datasets.md, before:

| Dataset  | Task  | #Samples | #Tasks | Domain         | Split       | Metric       | Date  | Benchmark      | Source  |
| :---     | ---:  | ---:     | ---:   | ---:           | ---:        | ---:         | ---:  | ---:           | ---:    |
| QM7      | PP    | 7,165    | 1      | Molecule       | Stratified  | MAE          | 2012* | MoleculeNet    | [GDB-13],[MoleculeNet](https://moleculenet.org/) |
| QM7-b    | PP    | 7k       | 14     | Molecule       | Random      | MAE          | 2014  | MoleculeNet    | [GDB-13],[info](http://quantum-machine.org/datasets/),[info](https://deepchem.readthedocs.io/_/downloads/en/2.4.0/pdf/)|
| QM8      | PP    | 22k      | 12     | Molecule       | Random      | MAE          | 2014  | MoleculeNet    | [GDB-17],[info](http://quantum-machine.org/datasets/) |
| QM9      | PP,GM | 130-134k | 12-19  | Molecule       | Random      | MAE          | 2012  | MoleculeNet    | [GDB-17],[info](http://quantum-machine.org/datasets/),[PyG](https://pytorch-geometric.readthedocs.io/en/latest/generated/torch_geometric.datasets.QM9.html) |
| PDBbind  | PP    | 5k-13k   | 1      | Protein-ligand | Time        | RMSE         | 2004* | MoleculeNet    | [PDB](https://www.rcsb.org/search),[info](https://deepchem.readthedocs.io/_/downloads/en/2.4.0/pdf/) |
| ANI-1    | PP    | 22M      | 1      | Molecules      | -           | MAE, ROC AUC | 2017  | -         | [GDB-11],[github](https://github.com/isayev/ANI1_dataset),[data-git](https://github.com/atomistic-machine-learning/schnetpack/blob/dce002f1befe9bd1ccd5efb7651a1f6ed7c224a8/src/schnetpack/datasets/ani1.py)  |
| Alchemy  | PP    | 120k     | 12     | Molecule       | Stratified* | MAE          | 2019  | [Alchemy Contest](https://alchemy.tencent.com/#leaderboard) | [GDB MedChem](https://gdb.unibe.ch/downloads/), [link](https://alchemy.tencent.com/), [link](https://huggingface.co/graphs-datasets) |
| Matbench  | PP    | 1k-100k  | 13     | Molecules      | StratifiedKFold*| MAE, ROC-AUC | 2019 | [Matbench](https://matbench.materialsproject.org/)| [Materials Project](https://next-gen.materialsproject.org/),[data](https://ml.materialsproject.org/) | |
| Atom3D     | PP      | Varied      | 8       | Mol., RNA, Prot. | Varied       | Various    | 2021 | [Atoms3D](https://www.atom3d.ai/)  |  [github](https://github.com/drorlab/atom3d) |
| Jarvis     | PP      | 1k-800k     | Many   | Random*        | Molecules      | MAE          | 2020* | [Nist-Jarvis](https://pages.nist.gov/jarvis/databases/)  | [Docu](https://pages.nist.gov/jarvis/),[Paper](https://www.nature.com/articles/s41524-020-00440-1) |
|Open MatSci ML Toolkit  | PP, GM | 1.5M  |   Varied  | Crystal Structures | Stratified/Random  |  MAE  |2023* | [Open MatSci ML Toolkit](https://github.com/IntelLabs/matsciml}) | [Paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/2309.05934), [github](https://github.com/IntelLabs/matsciml) |
| Therapeutic Data Commons  | PP | Varied  | Varied     | Molecules, Proteins    | Stratified | Varied         | 2022 | [TDC](https://tdcommons.ai/) |  [Documentation](https://tdcommons.ai/),[github](https://github.com/mims-harvard/TDC) |
| TorchProtein     | PP,SP | Varied       | Varied       | Proteins                 | Stratified | Varied         | 2022 | | [TorchProtein](https://torchprotein.ai/benchmark) | [Paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/2206.02096),[github](https://github.com/DeepGraphLearning/PEER_Benchmark) |
| TorchDrug    | PP,GM  | Varied       | Varied       | Molecules                 | Stratified  | Varied         | 2022 | [TorchDrug](https://torchdrug.ai/) | [Paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.08320),[github](https://github.com/DeepGraphLearning/torchdrug/) |
| OC20         | PP,MD  | 560k-133M    | 3        | Materials     | Extrapolation*   | MAE, EwT  | 2020*  | [OCP](https://opencatalystproject.org/)  | [Paper](https://pubs.acs.org/doi/10.1021/acscatal.0c04525), [github](https://github.com/Open-Catalyst-Project/ocp)        |
| OC22       | PP,MD  | 50k-10M      | 3       | Materials      | Extrapolation*    | MAE, EwT     | 2022* | [OCP](https://opencatalystproject.org/) | [Paper](https://pubs.acs.org/doi/10.1021/acscatal.2c05426), [gitub](https://github.com/Open-Catalyst-Project/ocp)          |
| ODAC23     | PP, MD |  <40M        | 3       | Catalyst, MOF |   Extrapolation   | MAE, EwT     | 2023* | [Paper](https://pubs.acs.org/doi/10.1021/acscatal.2c05426)[github](https://github.com/Open-Catalyst-Project/ocp) |
| QM7-X      | PP,MD  | 4.2M        | 42       | Molecule       | Extrapolation | MAE  | 2022 | - | [GDB-13](https://gdb.unibe.ch/downloads/) |
| MD17       | MD     | 150k-1M         | 10        | Molecule                 | Extrapolation               | MAE                  | 2017* | [info](http://quantum-machine.org/datasets/)[PyG](https://pytorch-geometric.readthedocs.io/en/latest/generated/torch_geometric.datasets.MD17.html#torch_geometric.datasets.MD17)[HF](https://huggingface.co/graphs-datasets)[git](https://github.com/atomistic-machine-learning/schnetpack/blob/dce002f1befe9bd1ccd5efb7651a1f6ed7c224a8/src/schnetpack/datasets/md17.py#L188)             |
| ISO17      | MD    | 645K          | 1       | Molecule                 | Extrapolation          | MAE                | 2016 | - | [QM9](http://www.quantum-machine.org/datasets/#md-datasets)             |
| GEOM       | GM    | 37M           | 1      | Molecule                  | Random             | MAE, RMSD              | 2021* | GEOM | [Paper](https://www.nature.com/articles/s41597-022-01288-4), [github](https://github.com/learningmatter-mit/geom) |
| ProteinNet   | SP   | 35k-105k     | 7       |  Proteins                   | Stratified               | Varied         | 2019  | -   | [Paper](https://bmcbioinformatics.biomedcentral.com/articles/10.1186/s12859-019-2932-0), [github](https://github.com/aqlaboratory/proteinnet) |
| Molecule3D   | SP   | 3.9M           | 4        | Molecules               | Random             | MAE, RMSE, validity  | 2021 | - | [PubChemQC](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.01717.pdf) | [Paper](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.01717.pdf)[link](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.01717.pdf)  |
| SPICE   | SP |  1.1 M    |  6       |  Molecules          | Random   | MAE        | 2023 | - | [Paper](https://www.nature.com/articles/s41597-022-01882-6),[github](https://github.com/openmm/spice-dataset) |    
| MatBench Discovery | SP |  150k-250k    |  2      | Crystal Structures        | Varied   | F1, Accuracy, MAE      | 2023 | [MatBench Discovery](https://matbench-discovery.materialsproject.org/models) | [Paper](https://matbench-discovery.materialsproject.org/preprint), [github](https://github.com/openmm/spice-dataset) |


PP= Property Prediction \
MD= Molecular Dynamics \
GM= Generative Modelling \
SP= Structure Prediction \

Commit message:

add caption for dataset table

datasets.md, after:

| Dataset  | Task  | #Samples | #Tasks | Domain         | Split       | Metric       | Date  | Benchmark      | Source  |
| :---     | ---:  | ---:     | ---:   | ---:           | ---:        | ---:         | ---:  | ---:           | ---:    |
| QM7      | PP    | 7,165    | 1      | Molecule       | Stratified  | MAE          | 2012* | MoleculeNet    | [GDB-13],[MoleculeNet](https://moleculenet.org/) |
| QM7-b    | PP    | 7k       | 14     | Molecule       | Random      | MAE          | 2014  | MoleculeNet    | [GDB-13],[info](http://quantum-machine.org/datasets/),[info](https://deepchem.readthedocs.io/_/downloads/en/2.4.0/pdf/)|
| QM8      | PP    | 22k      | 12     | Molecule       | Random      | MAE          | 2014  | MoleculeNet    | [GDB-17],[info](http://quantum-machine.org/datasets/) |
| QM9      | PP,GM | 130-134k | 12-19  | Molecule       | Random      | MAE          | 2012  | MoleculeNet    | [GDB-17],[info](http://quantum-machine.org/datasets/),[PyG](https://pytorch-geometric.readthedocs.io/en/latest/generated/torch_geometric.datasets.QM9.html) |
| PDBbind  | PP    | 5k-13k   | 1      | Protein-ligand | Time        | RMSE         | 2004* | MoleculeNet    | [PDB](https://www.rcsb.org/search),[info](https://deepchem.readthedocs.io/_/downloads/en/2.4.0/pdf/) |
| ANI-1    | PP    | 22M      | 1      | Molecules      | -           | MAE, ROC AUC | 2017  | -         | [GDB-11],[github](https://github.com/isayev/ANI1_dataset),[data-git](https://github.com/atomistic-machine-learning/schnetpack/blob/dce002f1befe9bd1ccd5efb7651a1f6ed7c224a8/src/schnetpack/datasets/ani1.py)  |
| Alchemy  | PP    | 120k     | 12     | Molecule       | Stratified^ | MAE          | 2019  | [Alchemy Contest](https://alchemy.tencent.com/#leaderboard) | [GDB MedChem](https://gdb.unibe.ch/downloads/), [link](https://alchemy.tencent.com/), [link](https://huggingface.co/graphs-datasets) |
| Matbench  | PP    | 1k-100k  | 13     | Molecules      | StratifiedKFold^| MAE, ROC-AUC | 2019 | [Matbench](https://matbench.materialsproject.org/)| [Materials Project](https://next-gen.materialsproject.org/),[data](https://ml.materialsproject.org/) | |
| Atom3D     | PP      | Varied      | 8       | Mol., RNA, Prot. | Varied       | Various    | 2021 | [Atoms3D](https://www.atom3d.ai/)  |  [github](https://github.com/drorlab/atom3d) |
| Jarvis     | PP      | 1k-800k     | Many   | Random^        | Molecules      | MAE          | 2020* | [Nist-Jarvis](https://pages.nist.gov/jarvis/databases/)  | [Docu](https://pages.nist.gov/jarvis/),[Paper](https://www.nature.com/articles/s41524-020-00440-1) |
|Open MatSci ML Toolkit  | PP, GM | 1.5M  |   Varied  | Crystal Structures | Stratified/Random  |  MAE  |2023* | [Open MatSci ML Toolkit](https://github.com/IntelLabs/matsciml}) | [Paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/2309.05934), [github](https://github.com/IntelLabs/matsciml) |
| Therapeutic Data Commons  | PP | Varied  | Varied     | Molecules, Proteins    | Stratified | Varied         | 2022 | [TDC](https://tdcommons.ai/) |  [Documentation](https://tdcommons.ai/),[github](https://github.com/mims-harvard/TDC) |
| TorchProtein     | PP,SP | Varied       | Varied       | Proteins                 | Stratified | Varied         | 2022 | | [TorchProtein](https://torchprotein.ai/benchmark) | [Paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/2206.02096),[github](https://github.com/DeepGraphLearning/PEER_Benchmark) |
| TorchDrug    | PP,GM  | Varied       | Varied       | Molecules                 | Stratified  | Varied         | 2022 | [TorchDrug](https://torchdrug.ai/) | [Paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.08320),[github](https://github.com/DeepGraphLearning/torchdrug/) |
| OC20         | PP,MD  | 560k-133M    | 3        | Materials     | Extrapolation^   | MAE, EwT  | 2020*  | [OCP](https://opencatalystproject.org/)  | [Paper](https://pubs.acs.org/doi/10.1021/acscatal.0c04525), [github](https://github.com/Open-Catalyst-Project/ocp)        |
| OC22       | PP,MD  | 50k-10M      | 3       | Materials      | Extrapolation^    | MAE, EwT     | 2022* | [OCP](https://opencatalystproject.org/) | [Paper](https://pubs.acs.org/doi/10.1021/acscatal.2c05426), [gitub](https://github.com/Open-Catalyst-Project/ocp)          |
| ODAC23     | PP, MD |  <40M        | 3       | Catalyst, MOF |   Extrapolation   | MAE, EwT     | 2023* | [Paper](https://pubs.acs.org/doi/10.1021/acscatal.2c05426)[github](https://github.com/Open-Catalyst-Project/ocp) |
| QM7-X      | PP,MD  | 4.2M        | 42       | Molecule       | Extrapolation | MAE  | 2022 | - | [GDB-13](https://gdb.unibe.ch/downloads/) |
| MD17       | MD     | 150k-1M         | 10        | Molecule                 | Extrapolation               | MAE                  | 2017* | [info](http://quantum-machine.org/datasets/)[PyG](https://pytorch-geometric.readthedocs.io/en/latest/generated/torch_geometric.datasets.MD17.html#torch_geometric.datasets.MD17)[HF](https://huggingface.co/graphs-datasets)[git](https://github.com/atomistic-machine-learning/schnetpack/blob/dce002f1befe9bd1ccd5efb7651a1f6ed7c224a8/src/schnetpack/datasets/md17.py#L188)             |
| ISO17      | MD    | 645K          | 1       | Molecule                 | Extrapolation          | MAE                | 2016 | - | [QM9](http://www.quantum-machine.org/datasets/#md-datasets)             |
| GEOM       | GM    | 37M           | 1      | Molecule                  | Random             | MAE, RMSD              | 2021* | GEOM | [Paper](https://www.nature.com/articles/s41597-022-01288-4), [github](https://github.com/learningmatter-mit/geom) |
| ProteinNet   | SP   | 35k-105k     | 7       |  Proteins                   | Stratified               | Varied         | 2019  | -   | [Paper](https://bmcbioinformatics.biomedcentral.com/articles/10.1186/s12859-019-2932-0), [github](https://github.com/aqlaboratory/proteinnet) |
| Molecule3D   | SP   | 3.9M           | 4        | Molecules               | Random             | MAE, RMSE, validity  | 2021 | - | [PubChemQC](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.01717.pdf) | [Paper](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.01717.pdf)[link](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.01717.pdf)  |
| SPICE   | SP |  1.1 M    |  6       |  Molecules          | Random   | MAE        | 2023 | - | [Paper](https://www.nature.com/articles/s41597-022-01882-6),[github](https://github.com/openmm/spice-dataset) |    
| MatBench Discovery | SP |  150k-250k    |  2      | Crystal Structures        | Varied   | F1, Accuracy, MAE      | 2023 | [MatBench Discovery](https://matbench-discovery.materialsproject.org/models) | [Paper](https://matbench-discovery.materialsproject.org/preprint), [github](https://github.com/openmm/spice-dataset) |


This table contains benchmark datasets for Geometric GNNs applied to 3D atomic systems. We categorize each dataset with respect to the application task detailed in Section 7.1 of our [hitchhiker's guide](https://arxiv.org/abs/2312.07511). We display various properties (from left to right): the number of samples per dataset, the number of properties which can be predicted, the input data domain, the dataset split method, the metric used to measure performance, the date, the benchmark link and the source. The symbol * in the Date column signifies that the dataset has been updated recently. ^ means that there is an active leaderboard to submit test predictions and compare one’s results. \
PP= Property Prediction \
MD= Molecular Dynamics \
GM= Generative Modelling \
SP= Structure Prediction
