README.md, before:

# geometric-gnns
List of Geometric GNNs for 3D atomic systems

| Model | Year | Family | Tensor order | Body order | Source |
| :---  | ---: | ---:   | ---:         | ---: | ---: |
|SchNet| 2017| invariant	| scalar	| 2 | 
| NMP|	2017||			|| |
|CGCNN|	2018|	invariant|	scalar|	2| |
|TFN|	2018|	equivariant|	spherical|	2| |
|PhysNet|	2019|	invariant|	scalar|	2| |
|DimeNet|	2019|	invariant|	scalar|	3| |
|Megnet|	2019|	invariant||		| |
|Cormorant|	2019|	equivariant|	spherical|	| |
|D++|	2020|	invariant|	scalar|	3| |
|GVP-GNN|	2020|	equivariant|	cartesian|	3| |
|SE3-Transformers|	2020|	equivariant||		| |
|SpinConv|	2021|	None|,invariant	scalar,spherical	3,?,|Many| |
|ForceNet|	2021|	None|	scalar|	2| |
|Graphormer|	2021|	invariant||		| |
|SphereNet|	2021|	invariant|	scalar|	4| |
|GemNet|	2021|	invariant|	scalar|	4| |
|Chiro|	2021|	invariant|	scalar|	| |
|SEGNN|	2021|	equivariant|	spherical|	2| |
|EGNN|	2021|	equivariant|	cartesian|	2| |
|PaiNN|	2021|	equivariant|	cartesian|	2| |
|NeuquIP|	2021|	equivariant|	spherical|	2| |
|EQGAT|	2022|	equivariant|	cartesian|	2| |
|Torch-MDNet|	2022|	equivariant|	cartesian|	2| |
|GNS|	2022|	None|	scalar|	| |
|GNN-LF|	2022|	invariant|	scalar	2,Many|| |
|ComeNet|	2022|	invariant|	scalar	4|5| |
|SpookyNet|	2022|	invariant||		| |
|So3krates|	2022|	equivariant|	cartesian,spherical|	2| |
|Equiformer|	2022|	equivariant|	spherical|	2| |
|TensorNet|	2023||			|| |
|MACE|	2022|	equivariant|	spherical	Many|| |
|GemNet-OC|	2023|	invariant|	scalar|	4| |
|FAENet|	2023|	NSP | scalar |	2,Many|| |
|SCN|	2023|	invariant|	scalar	2,Many|| |
|ClofNet|	2022|	equivariant|	cartesian|	| |
|eSCN|	2023|	equivariant|	spherical|	| |
|OrbNet|||				|| |
|LieTransformer|||				|| |
|LeftNet|	||			|| |
|GVP|-|GNN|				|| |
|Allegro|||				|| |
|UNiTE| ||				|| |
|LieConv|||				|| |
|SAKE|	2023|	Scalar-Vector EGNNs| equivariant	cartesian|	| |
|ViSNet-LSRM|	2023|	Scalar-Vector EGNNs|	cartesian|	| |
|GET|	2023	||		|| |

Commit message:

Add link to dataset and useful coding libraries

README.md, after:

# geometric-gnns
In this readme, you will find the list of Geometric GNNs, maintained up to date by the community. 
In the rest of the repository, you also have the [list of datasets for Geometric GNNs](https://github.com/AlexDuvalinho/geometric-gnns/blob/main/coding-libraries.md), as well as a [list of useful coding libraries](https://github.com/AlexDuvalinho/geometric-gnns/blob/main/coding-libraries.md). 

| Model | Year | Family | Tensor order | Body order | Source |
| :---  | ---: | ---:   | ---:         | ---: | ---: |
|SchNet| 2017| invariant	| scalar	| 2 | 
| NMP|	2017||			|| |
|CGCNN|	2018|	invariant|	scalar|	2| |
|TFN|	2018|	equivariant|	spherical|	2| |
|PhysNet|	2019|	invariant|	scalar|	2| |
|DimeNet|	2019|	invariant|	scalar|	3| |
|Megnet|	2019|	invariant||		| |
|Cormorant|	2019|	equivariant|	spherical|	| |
|D++|	2020|	invariant|	scalar|	3| |
|GVP-GNN|	2020|	equivariant|	cartesian|	3| |
|SE3-Transformers|	2020|	equivariant||		| |
|SpinConv|	2021|	None|,invariant	scalar,spherical	3,?,|Many| |
|ForceNet|	2021|	None|	scalar|	2| |
|Graphormer|	2021|	invariant||		| |
|SphereNet|	2021|	invariant|	scalar|	4| |
|GemNet|	2021|	invariant|	scalar|	4| |
|Chiro|	2021|	invariant|	scalar|	| |
|SEGNN|	2021|	equivariant|	spherical|	2| |
|EGNN|	2021|	equivariant|	cartesian|	2| |
|PaiNN|	2021|	equivariant|	cartesian|	2| |
|NeuquIP|	2021|	equivariant|	spherical|	2| |
|EQGAT|	2022|	equivariant|	cartesian|	2| |
|Torch-MDNet|	2022|	equivariant|	cartesian|	2| |
|GNS|	2022|	None|	scalar|	| |
|GNN-LF|	2022|	invariant|	scalar	2,Many|| |
|ComeNet|	2022|	invariant|	scalar	4|5| |
|SpookyNet|	2022|	invariant||		| |
|So3krates|	2022|	equivariant|	cartesian,spherical|	2| |
|Equiformer|	2022|	equivariant|	spherical|	2| |
|TensorNet|	2023||			|| |
|MACE|	2022|	equivariant|	spherical	Many|| |
|GemNet-OC|	2023|	invariant|	scalar|	4| |
|FAENet|	2023|	NSP | scalar |	2,Many|| |
|SCN|	2023|	invariant|	scalar	2,Many|| |
|ClofNet|	2022|	equivariant|	cartesian|	| |
|eSCN|	2023|	equivariant|	spherical|	| |
|OrbNet|||				|| |
|LieTransformer|||				|| |
|LeftNet|	||			|| |
|GVP|-|GNN|				|| |
|Allegro|||				|| |
|UNiTE| ||				|| |
|LieConv|||				|| |
|SAKE|	2023|	Scalar-Vector EGNNs| equivariant	cartesian|	| |
|ViSNet-LSRM|	2023|	Scalar-Vector EGNNs|	cartesian|	| |
|GET|	2023	||		|| |
